cloud: add performance tune overview and sql tune overview (#9679)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-sql-tuning-overview.md

---
title: SQL Tuning Overview
summary: Learn about how to tune SQL performance in TiDB Cloud.
---

# SQL Tuning Overview

This document introduces how to tune SQL performance in TiDB Cloud. To get the best SQL performance, you can do the following:

> - Tune SQL performance. There are many ways to optimize SQL performance, such as querying statements, optimizing execution plans, and optimizing full table scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tune SQL performance. There are many ways to optimize SQL performance, such as analyzing query statements, optimizing execution plans, and optimizing full table scan.
```
